Now, then...
What on Earth are you going to do, hmm?
First, you'll get to enjoy a video Mimura put together,
and then the seven top testers will destroy your tentacles.
That'll be the signal for us all to jump in and begin the assassination.
Does that sound all right, Korosensei?
More than all right.
Thanks for setting this up, Mimura.
It was hard work! I was editing all through dinner.
This chapel is surrounded by ocean,
and there's a chance the walls and windows are treated with an anti-teacher substance.
Escape would be too risky.
I suppose I'll just have to dodge everything in here.
Korosensei?
I have to pat you down first.
We may be surrounded by water, but if you smuggled in that swimsuit,
you'd still be able to get away.
You're being so careful!
But I wouldn't pull such a cheap trick.
This teacher can easily dodge my attacks, even at point-blank range.
But...
If we all work together, this might be our chance!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode Action Time
Are you ready?
No need to hold back.
Come right at me!
Here we go, Korosensei.
AC...
Somewhere in Tokyo: Kunugigaoka Junior High, Class 3-E.
As it happens, their teacher is also their assassination target.
People are going in and out of this chapel in the dark behind me.
Tonight, the E Class recon team will close in
That would conceal the number of people and their positions.
on the ecology of this mystery man.
But you underestimate me.
I can tell two students' scents are missing.
From that direction, I can smell the E Class's top snipers, Hayami-san and Chiba-kun.
This video really is well done.
You edited and narrated this, Mimura-kun?
Nice camera blocking, good music... Really sharp.
It pulls me right—
Joining us today are those who shared top-secret intel with the recon team.
Today's Target: Korosensei
We'll hear what they have to say... after this.
His bribery... failed.
Tokyo resident Korosensei (age unknown)
It failed?!
His current preference is mature office women.
Here are all the dirty magazines this octopus has gathered.
No! Come on, Okajima-kun!
I told you guys not to tell anyone!
A giant shadow looms over the line for the women-only cake buffet.
Who could it be?
It's him.
I'm Koroko!
Excuse me, but this is for women only...
His disguise can't last long.
What do you think you're doing?!
It's a miracle they found out he wasn't a woman without discovering he wasn't even human.
Porn, cross-dressing, and not a hint of shame?
What a dirty pervert.
Take one!
When he's short before payday, Thanks!
this man lines up his images to get free tissues.
Thanks!
And what does he do with them?
Fries them up and eats them.
Here we have fried pocket tissues!
I recently noticed they have quite a sweet taste to them,
Has he no dignity as an educator—nay, as a living being?
and a pleasant spongy texture.
And that's not all.
We have a full hour of embarrassing footage of this instructor.
Another hour of this?!
m 573 418.5 l 1312.5 418.5 1312.5 700.5 573 700.5
One Hour Later
I'm dead. I'm already dead.
With all that out in the open... I can't go on living.
The End The End The End The End
Now, did you happen to notice anything while you sat through our top-secret video,
The End The End Korosensei?
The End
Water!
But I didn't sense anyone pouring it in!
It couldn't be... High tide!
Someone musta shortened the support pilings on this here chapel.
Seasick, shamed, and now waterlogged...
You've slowed down quite a bit.
Now for the main event...
A promise is a promise. No dodgin', now.
A valiant effort. But I know where the snipers are.
If I just keep an eye out in that direction...
Commence operation!
Begin!
Five seconds elapsed.
Did it come apart?!
Yes!
Thirty-five seconds elapsed.
Flyboards?
A hydraulic cage?!
Korosensei doesn't do well with sudden changes to his environment.
From the chapel to a cage of water!
It'll confuse his weakened tentacles
and lower his reaction speed even further!
Fifty-three seconds elapsed.
Commencing volley.
Taking aim.
Target area: one square meter around Korosensei.
Korosensei is highly sensitive to attacks that make contact.
But we're actually not going to aim at him!
We'll block his escape path with a hail of bullets!
And that's not all!
The final blow... goes to those two!
The ones onshore are two dummies infused with their scents!
By alerting him to the shore while in the chapel
and changing the setting to a water cage,
we've created a whole new sniping target!
Game over!
You've done well... to come this far!
Nagisa!
This is clearly unlike any of our previous attempts—
it feels like it worked!
Stay alert!
He can regenerate!
Isogai-kun, Kataoka-san, you're in charge of watching the water!
Yes, sir!
But he had nowhere to run!
Look!
Hey... Uh-huh...
What the hell is that?
My trump card of all trump cards: my absolute defense form!
Absolute defense form?!
Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab
Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab Ab sol sol sol sol sol sol sol
sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol
sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol sol ute
ute ute ute ute ute ute ute ute ute ute ute ute ute
ute ute ute ute ute Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def
Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def
Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def Def ense ense
ense ense ense ense ense ense ense ense ense ense ense
ense ense ense ense ense ense ense ense ense ense Form
Form Form Form Form Form Form Form Form Form Form Form
The exterior is crystallized, high-density condensed energy.
The energy remaining after shrinking my body down hardens in a shell around it.
In this form, I'm absolutely invincible!
No way...
So if you always stay in that form, we can never kill you!
If only that were the case.
Absolute Defense Form Absolute Defense Form
High-Density Energy Crystal Core
This energy crystal will break down in about a day.
Absolute Defense Form Absolute Defense Form
High-Density Energy Crystal Core
Breakdown Begins After 24 Hours
After 24 Hours Breakdown Begins
After 24 Hours After 24 Hours
After 24 Hours After 24 Hours Breakdown Begins
Breakdown Begins After 24 Hours
After 24 Hours Breakdown Begins
After 24 Hours Physical Regeneration
Physical Regeneration During Reconstruction
Physical Regeneration Physical Regeneration
During Reconstruction Physical Regeneration
And the moment it does, my body will re-inflate,
Physical Regeneration During Reconstruction
Physical Regeneration Physical Regeneration
During Reconstruction Physical Regeneration
Physical Regeneration During Reconstruction
Complete Recovery
absorbing energy and returning to its usual form.
On the other hand, for the one day or so until this crystal decays,
I can't move an inch.
This brings with it certain risks.
What happened to the thing I left here?!
I put it out with the trash.
Burnables Burnables Burnables
Oh, nooo!
What I'm most afraid of is being placed into a high-speed rocket during that time
and left to float through the far reaches of outer space.
But I've thoroughly studied that eventuality.
Nowhere in the world is there a rocket capable of making that flight within 24 hours.
He got us.
Another trick up his sleeve—after all that.
And he even took its weak points into account!
That was an utter failure.
Invincible, my ass.
Somethin' like this has gotta be breakable somehow!
It's no use. Even a nuclear bomb wouldn't leave a scratch.
Oh, I get it.
No weaknesses means we're out of options.
No! Stop! I can't cover my face without any hands!
Sorry, sorry! Then I'll just...
stick this sea slug on you!
Someone go find me a filthy old guy so I can jam this thing down his underpants!
No! Help!
When you think about it, we can do whatever we want with him.
Yep. And this kind of thing is Karma-kun's specialty.
We'll disperse for now, students.
The top brass and I will discuss how to deal with this one.
Going to throw me in a pool full of anti-teacher material?
It won't work.
I can simply make a portion of my energy explode,
creating a blast like before that'd send things flying.
But you should be proud.
Even the world's combined military couldn't get this far with me.
It all comes down to the magnificence of your plan.
Korosensei praised our assassination like he always does,
but it was our biggest disappointment yet.
Still in shock from our all-in, full-throttle attack missing the mark,
coupled with an unusual sense of fatigue,
we made our way back to the hotel.
Ritsu?
Yes?
You recorded that, right?
Yes! I captured as much of the assassination as possible with my high-speed camera.
I knew the second I fired that I'd missed.
That my bullet couldn't kill him.
I can't say for sure.
The exact time it took him to change into that form is unclear.
However, if your shot had been 0.5 seconds faster,
or if Hayami-san's had been thirty centimeters closer,
you would have had a fifty percent chance of killing him before he noticed.
I was so confident. I mean, we rehearsed
and even practiced firing from a less stable spot—and I didn't miss.
But when the time came, my fingers stiffened and my vision narrowed.
Same here.
The pressure of absolutely not being allowed to miss...
That crucial now-or-never moment...
To think it'd be this different from practice.
I'm just so exhausted!
Let's head back to our room and rest.
I don't feel like doing anything.
What, one lousy miss and you lose all your energy?
We did what we were supposed to do, so tomorrow we can just enjoy ourselves!
Ooh, yeah! Tomorrow I get to take in some swimsuited beauties for sure!
No matter how tired I may be, I'll always have the energy for a hearty nosebleed!
Man, I'm just not feeling it.
Something isn't right. Everyone's too exhausted!
Can I lean on you for a second, Nagisa-kun?
Nakamura-san!
I want to go back to the room and change,
but I can't seem to move my body at all.
You're burning up!
Just imagining those babes is giving me a nosebleed!
Okajima-kun!
Wh-What the...
Hey! Where's the hospital on this island?
Well... I'm afraid the island is too small to have one.
Incoming Call Private Number
Hey there, Sensei.
Your precious students seem to be in a real bad way.
Who is this?!
Hey, Ritsu!
Who I am doesn't matter.
Those brats aren't the only ones going after that marked man.
You mean you did this?
How observant.
It's an artificial virus.
m 706.5 895.5 l 726 834 325.5 763.5 304.5 823.5
Playing Audio Once you're infected, it's all over.
The incubation period and initial symptoms vary,
but the cells in their bodies will break down within a week,
leading to death.
There's only one remedy, also an original concoction,
but unfortunately, I'm the only one who has it.
I can't be bothered bringing it to you, so you'd better come get it directly.
There's a hotel atop this island's mountain.
Bring me the one with the price on his head.
Come up to the top floor within one hour.
However, Sensei, you seem pretty tough yourself. Dangerous, even.
So send your two shortest students still standing—one boy, one girl.
I've told the front desk to expect you.
Follow the rules, and we'll swap the target for the remedy and that'll be that.
But contact any outsider, or be even a little late, and the remedy...
will be history.
I've got to thank you for immobilizing him like that.
Looks like the gods are on our side.
Private Number Call Ended End
A third party joining the fray at a time like this? Unbelievable!
Uh, Karasuma-sensei, aren't you being a little rough? Er...
Karasuma-san?
As we expected, it's no use.
Even when we play the government card,
the hotel just responds with claims of privacy protection.
It figures.
Does it?
That mountaintop hotel is a noted site for illegal negotiation.
A remote island in the southern sea?
Couldn't ask for a better location.
They have connections with some government higher-ups.
Even the police have their hands tied.
Clearly they're not going to cooperate with us.
What are we gonna do? At this rate, it'll be a massacre!
We didn't come here to be killed!
Calm down, Yoshida-kun. We won't die that easily.
Just come up with a way to deal with this.
Yeah... Sorry, Hara.
It's too dicey to do what he says.
Send your two runtiest students?
These two squirts?!
We'd just be handin' him hostages!
First off, I'm pissed at anyone who would even do this kinda thing.
No one lays a finger on my flunkies!
That simple-minded guy... Heh heh...
I say we ignore his demands!
Let's get everyone to a hospital in the city!
I'm against that.
If it really is an unknown artificial virus,
even the biggest hospitals won't have the antivirals to stop it.
The time wasted in bringing in the sick could hurt them more.
Say what?!
We'll work on treating the symptoms for now.
You'd better hurry to the trade-off spot.
Takebayashi...
There's nothing else we can do.
If Korosensei could move, we might've had a chance.
If only our assassination attempt hadn't gone quite so well for nothing.
So he's the one they're after.
I'm not sure that guy will just let the students go after they deliver him.
What should we do? We only have one hour.
There's still a way.
Korosensei?
All set!
It looks like Ritsu-san's completed the prep work I asked her to do.
I need the healthy students to come here.
Wear something you don't mind getting dirty.
It's so high...
I infiltrated the hotel's computers
and got schematics of the interior, complete with guard locations.
A large number of guards are stationed at and around the main entrance.
It's not possible to enter the hotel without going past the front desk.
With one exception: there is an entryway on this side, atop the ledge.
The terrain is impassable,
and there are no guards posted there.
If you don't want the enemy to get his way...
there's only one thing to do!
Not counting the ten patients and the two left behind to care for them,
all capable students must sneak in from here,
get the jump on the guys at the top,
and steal that remedy!
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Irina Jelavich's... Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's
Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's
Super-Secret Skills Series!
Super-Secret Skills Series Super-Secret Skills Series
Super-Secret Skills Series
Irina-sensei can control her circulation Normal.
to change her face color at will.
Red makes her look shy or drunk, Red.
and blue makes her look uneasy or unwell:
Blue.
an extremely effective tactic when going undercover.
When she tried to show this off to her students,
they accused her of being a cheap Korosensei ripoff.
Look at this!
I can change the color of my face!
She got angry, and her face went all red by itself.
I didn't rip off anyone!
Assassination Classroom!
Irina Jelavich's...
Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's
Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's
Super-Secret Skills Series!
Super-Secret Skills Series Super-Secret Skills Series
Super-Secret Skills Series
Irina-sensei can pop out the parts of a cereal-box prize and assemble it within one minute.
Fast Forward Fast Forward
While this speaks volumes about her kissing techniques,
we still wouldn't want to touch the finished product.
Also: this is dangerous, kids, so don't try it at home.
Rewind Rewind Rewind
Rewind
Assassination Classroom.
Irina Jelavich's... Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's
Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's Irina Jelavich's
Super-Secret Skills Series!
Super-Secret Skills Series Super-Secret Skills Series
Super-Secret Skills Series
Irina-sensei can use her wig know-how to disguise herself as any number of people.
Believe it!
The culprit is... you!
Ne xt Ep iso de
Okuda-san, viruses have genes and can proliferate like life forms,
but they don't have cells, which form the basic unit of life.
You could think of viruses as an ultimate evolution of life with all the nonessential parts taken out.
Episode Pandemonium Time
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Pandemonium Time.